---
layout: post
title: "Wasted Time on Journal and my hate towards SAAS"
date: 2026-06-19
---

So finally after wasting 3 4 hours on zola and some other shyny object syndroms i am here in my trusty vim, which is coloured with pywal writing this journal with lots of spelling mistakes 

one thing i noticed for sure is that i fucking hate development 

the fact that i say other people that i want to make a saas is stupid idea

and now i am feeling almost like alex weset

who said that 

"changing mind is better than changing actions"

so i have changed my mind 

i dont want to become an bllionare or something like this 

life is short all  this blillionare are just survival ship biase

i will rather live like into the wild movie ....


i really like to journal but i just find hand journaling hard, i am not fast enough with writing 

with this keyboard i can type fast ..

so the plan is that i type my daily what happned how i am feelling and stuff here and then what will be my next plan and stuff on the book 

that makes sense now 


that will work....



i will never get into saas
vibecodding is fucked up 

vibecodding is just copping mechanisim built into me 

and wasted my 1 year of life on this stupid shit 

dont wnat to waste my another portion of life on building something stupid who no one wants 


better to be in service biz, make money invest in land and live the life that fucking it ...


i will rather be a guy with 20  million dollar networth rather than 

becoming a billionare and has little to nothing in memories 

work never becomes memory thats what i have seen

i never remeber good old days when i use to work 


na 


i olnly remeber the good old sky 

walk with mom yesterday 

it was  6 pm 

sun shhiny 

me with my mom

bag in my hand 

went out ot buy vegies 

on roads which are perfect 

sun behind those clouds 

and a random networking effect ...

what i am feeling right now clear

i will never get into any sort of linux as a service biz or soemthing 

its head ache i will rather sale stuff for others and live a happy peacefull life 

i was reading alex west books

and saw how this shit looks like and all

i feel connected to him somehow now ...

i will complete his book 

watch this video by aditya singhania 

and send some emails 

and i have changed my wallpaper 

it was a panther looking at a  1 billion dollar valution or 8m a month biz 

now its about the memories i want to make 

which will happen faster better and long lasting when i have money 


sometimes i feel i should write short but write valueable stuff 

with money i can buy scooter which i can take my mom on rides to the garden we have to enjoy the sunny 6 pm 

what can be more better than that ...

money to go out with my friends if they decide to talk to ...

money to go a road side hotel from which litearlly sunset is visible without any building or obstacles 

enjoying chiness food with sunset with my mom 

with pleasent weather of 35 30 degreees 


that will be my dream life 

all posssible when i will make money 

it requires few thousands usd

not millionas 

but the happnies is million dollar plus 

the memories i will make 


the paper camera i will buy to take random as pictures and store them some where safe or just print them out 

to collect the memories into a folder, real life one ..

and keep it safe for decades 

wether they will be preserved or not, thats not i can contorle it 

but i can make one 

thats what i can controle ...


i will try to force my mom to go again out on sunset time 

by saying that when you walk your sugar drops!

hope she comes 

will make more memories


and you dont take photos when you are enjoying, thats thing i belive in to but i belive in fact that you might be enjoying but little bit slow like just sitting on gaze of sunset its been half hour now what

lets take some pictures

thats fun

thats enjoyment

.... 

its complex i cant really explain it all

its 11 

gota go work

gota earn a living as well 

so yeah


but this online thing gives me time freedom 

thats why i would do this 

job is doable from my end 

but time is issue 

so will rather have something of my own 

so will work like an cold email agency 

not a director of marketing or something like that ... fuck it 

peace out !
