---
layout: post
title: "feeling like shit today"
date: 2026-06-22
---
I woke up at almost 3 am today 

yesterday my 2 cousin came 

we had some fun

felt social for the first time 

i feel really good when someone like them come to home

i feel good

thats the pain of the solo kid

of 2 parents 

but also understood the value of being alone 

i dont have to share bathroom

i dont have to share the resources...

yesterday i had chicken in lunch 

after good 2 months i think, and i got some upsets

my cousines are not the most hyginic specially the male one 

i went 3 times it was all nightmare

feeling sleep deprvied right now 

yesterday i didnt even had time to write this blog post 

did wrote little bit of journal

today i have ghosted my client which i have singed 

and i think the decisions i am taking right now

getting into system admin line 

is actually my circle of competance 

every induvidual is mix of something 

every one is special they just need to be on right place to do right stuff

a  fish is specially in his own habitat

so does a monkey

so the thing is that i am really good at maintaning things

i like to keep things stable 

i am that stablizer guy of the tribe 

who use to make sure every tool was sharp so people can go and get best hunts 

maintain everthing so everthing ramins stablized 

i am that guy 

i have taken some random test by a random youtuber 

it gave me 9 on 10 for stablizer and almost 3 4 on 10 for explorer and 8 on social and 9 on something idk...

so its perfect combo for becoming a infrastructure guy

good communication and good mainter stablizer skills 

perfect guy to run an stablizer focused thing

stablizity is what all saas founders need.. 

thats fucking it ..!

thats my unfair advantge, on top of that i installed linux and got into this stuff 6 years ago so raelly good hand on this stuff and i take little to none time to understand all those complex stuff realted to linux and tools around linuxx 

which you can then use to give outputs to other biz owners like saas founders, sell them outcomes with the tools i have...

thats what biz is in todays terms

i would call it bro hacking 

i am really good at bro hacking 

and found my intreste in biz later on 

so a deadly combo of bro hacking and biz would make me extreamly valueable in market 

and will make my foundations to make something great like red hat linux or open susa linux ... 

if i get that opotunity i would call my os bokya linux... bascially panther a big cat!

my circle of competance or a better word for it is unfair advantage is this .. i will use it 

i will abuse it!!

that life .. 

i will like the work i do ... no matter how small or big ..

i just want to isolate my self i feel good when i am isolated when working only...

isolated must when i am wokring 

heck in fact i am changing 

i always have phases

i curently have this phase

but linux or bro hacking is not phase at all 

thats something which is deeply routed inside me 

my brain is wired in such way that makes me be expecptionally good at this ..

this power of unfair advtange .. .

i should not write this stuff in middle of day but hey will see ..

doing what ever thing which fits the best .. .
